Support for another round comes from August a new kind of consulting company that helps organizations realize their
potential to make a meaningful dent in the world interested in doing this work drop them a line
today at W W W dot OG dot co slash another round. That's
a huge E dot c O slash another round.
Hi everyone I'm having I'm crazy and welcome to another realm of
heaven entry. Yes a little bit there the pit music really happening at the new I'm really excited. Oh
my God you can't make you wait why so excited because we are
interviewing our best friend who doesn't know these epis bring it to THIS IS ME
AND MAN Well
Miranda. This is true. You may know him from his note
and perhaps. The thing everyone is talking about the thing that al of your friends
while at the thought about the thing if you have not seen you hate us for
this is its excuse me talking about it all the time you know you are really excited. Yes these
are the likely happening.
He will land funny and nice and he between the House and the people.
The you. People love
been livin on the moon heaven. What is it. It is a musical
about Alexander Hamilton with rapping which
sounds horrible but it is so beautifully executed. First you're
just like what's happening and then you're like why am I crying. It's moving it's
moving emotional rollercoaster in the in the best
way
but
before we talk to women well I'm get our whole life changed.
I've been thinking about something and I wanted to get credit me with
that so I began it was about how kind of crazy this election
cycle has
been remember when Ben Carson said he nice.
Someone you know you're going to face and. That was
weird but I guess I will never forget he said Popeye's organization.
You know a lot of people have never been in a clockwise. Anyways I was also thinking
about Jeb Bush. Do you
remember when he was he did randomly had turtles in his
pocket dial it. They're not
real turtles. Oh OK That was a little cool idea is
he was either
campaign flop at a restaurant you know like I'm humble with the people blah blah blah. And he gives
this kid a turtle and he says slow and steady wins that right. He was
while real implacable a total. So first of all jab that is not how you run a
campaign said he did not win the race and he is I like him pain
even a reporter had the same question you didn't do you just walk around with
startled. I mean to live with his hands that
he reaches into his pocket and he's like
yup. I have a little baby Jesus
and the retard all
over the kernel in your pocket
dimensions. You have let a pocketful a turtle. That is
really
in here. That's going to fill the news coverage remains and I guess
return punch back what's going on in Jeb Bush's pockets.
Anyways job is a very interesting figure and I feel like in honor of one
man well what I've been thinking a lot about people who deserve a musical
getting is
there and when men will ask me as I do you. I'm
very fascinated by white men who have something handed to them who wonder really fuck it up. Let's
do your job
musical. Ladies and gentlemen we are pleased
to present to you boys family even the
CPPCC dance in uncomfortable musical about
an awkward man in his quest for the American presidency.
Ladies and gentlemen if you're not familiar all of his campaign materials.
Very actively sought to a race of. His very familiar name. So
he put an exclamation point yet after every job and my favorite
thing that Stephen Colbert has done all campaign season is he pronounces the exclamation
point every time he says
man.
My least excited man why would you put up with some political if you're not excited and
you who else needs an exclamation point more you know what you write Arianna.
This is Jeff and I'm comfortable musical.
Starring Steven Kull there as the embattled John Ellis jab Bush
jab is another way to wrap for a about a man and a
very questionable decisions. You know his real name is not Jeb he's choosing to go
to college on
no app is it Jim is his political nemesis Donald
Trump played by Tommy Tiny Lister known also as the ball from the movie
Freddy.
And occasionally in Jebel corner is Harry Connick Jr in the role that he was born to play
the flamboyant Texan and former President George W. Bush who lab's up the stage
with the flat he found what did I do at the rim and is about all the things he fucked up while and.
What did I do.
But sure start to play though is the legendary Leon. Who gives a rousing performance as the
exclamation point this will. Thin address and say Today I am Jim failing campaign.
I thought Will he do it no no you won't
see. The track list includes songs such
as jab. Please clap. Oh yeah
that moment he went to take a pause.
That was honestly so it had a lunch and a rally at his
own rally. Do you have a pen you would like I want you know would like
politicians see that reflection where they rise up the points and he was. Since there is.
People may didn't have that right. First of all. And then that's just like I made a point
guys in the middle so defeated
like his shoulders just sunk he was like Please
help you know he did look like you're a little bit. Thanks for
noticing other songs
include my personal favorite. OK as the moms and most powerful of brothers.
Can we talk briefly about how his mom is always talking bad
about you know please I'm all about how I didn't like the road pain
like that.
So he released this ad and he goes the best news of the day was that my mom finally said I was
her favorite to which she says.
Oh no I did it she said laughing. I mean of all the children.
Yeah. Bush said and I know.
There's a stirring track. History has its eyes on your entire family because they know
me about
shit and then the phantom sound of the please
clap reprisal moms play it everywhere.
The best part was when it was finally over grave the New York Times and if they
play much like the jobs campaign was completely unnecessary. So is Playboy magazine.
Bless your heart said Barbara Bush and do you
ever feel a Bush impression. I mean I don't
but it was
good I don't know if I tried I tried. You know
I it was good ladies and gentlemen coming to
theaters many wary seventy
blared and I'm comfortable
now
you think you think Lynn will produce this with
no. He's going to be like.
Work on this for six years and then get back to me and then where are you right. Rice said if
it doesn't work to do I am going to be positive.
He's waiting for us in the video room. But the two quarters. Let's ask him hours so I mean
no but let's go with that I think I mean do you
think he had nothing to do with not approve any of these ideas. Yet. Yes.
OK I've been approved yet where to going to be awful. Let's go talk to him.
Let's have another round tonight. Let's have another round tonight. Let's have another
run
tonight raises the last two three you know something they
can never think Oh
boy yeah Ratto was they tell you.
Let's have another round tonight. Raise a glass to the
three tomorrow they'll be more of a citizen around with three
thousand
the boy
I went to that I used to do this everybody.
Yeah in my house you were allowing How much is not in yours or your shoes off to have a better conversation.
I'm not against any avatar. I'm done. You
know I don't know if people want that for my feet but I'm a little rock.
We
wanted
a scout on the show because he is like the kind of
weird uncreative that makes brilliant brilliant things he
has been nominated for and one Tony Awards for his place in the heights and bring in on it respectively.
He'll probably win seven thousand between seven thousand and ten thousand Tonys for his
I believe a lot of men like that no man has been on offer frankly Hamilton which
is the rapid Erap play
about the top
of our Founding Father Alexander
Hamilton the MacArthur people. Well I have called him a genius which brings
our genius guest to to we into you cannot be called and MEMBER
We're like not counting ourselves. Laden I'm
in please welcome to the another round studio
limit me. Welcome welcome and hear
some callers.
Thank you for putting a reference to our show and your show Hamilton another round. Let's have another round.
You're welcome. So your show is kind of a. Incredibly rare thing in pop culture
and it's kind of changed the pop culture landscape I never thought in my life that I would feel like people really
really excited about a hip hop history. It's called
me what were some of the things pop culture wise for you growing up that were important to you.
Well the last time something like this happened with musical theater which was rent. I mean I got to see
rent from the last row of the New Zealanders theater for my seventeenth
birthday and I love the musicals but it was like you
know when you're teenager everything's compartmentalized like I spoke Spanish at home I spoke English at
school I spoke musical to my musical friends I spoke to my hip hop friends and
like never let anything meet in the middle really and rent was
huge it was like a totally diverse cast it took place in the
present which doesn't sound like a big deal but think about how many
musicals take place in the I mean even Chorus Line was like a period piece by the time I saw
it when I was a teenager and so I was just like. Oh you're allowed to write musicals about
now and that I think is what gave me permission tacitly be like oh you're allowed to
write musicals about whatever you want and they can be about your life experience and they can be about the things you know they're not
all like cats and phantoms
and and so that was a big one for
me but then you know I it's the same stuff as everybody else you know
I danced and made everyone watch me memorize the Thriller dance in
the last day of high
school actually I was on the step.
Seem all over my god that's how I didn't I can tell you guys had a
step to my letter.
All six of us because God only made it into
a lab to make up my
last day of high school I did not spend in class. It was an arts day which was when they would like the assembly
and you would all have to go see like some students performing and we did the Janet Jackson. If
dance video. Oh my God it was Omar my gas remember Omar from that
is video again I was Omar with my hubby and
the girl pushing my head was Errol on who would grow up to be let alone Will
they guess who I was first grade Oh
my God I know. OK let me. This is not related to. Absolutely. They were one of my dreams.
Do you remember the fight that airline outen had in that hotel room
in Vegas. I know all about
it. Not that I might want to remind I
didn't care to tell you I'm the only one who hasn't seen that season because I know a lot and I didn't want to watch it.
I knew Gabe was her boyfriend that she broke up with on the show like they
were high school sweethearts all time. Well no but I'm not going to I can't watch.
Oh my God that's amazing. OK we've had a big
lead knowing way. When did you first like at the very very first time you saw
yourself and felt represented in
pop culture what was it.
That's a fantastic question. It's it's. So scarce as a kid that like
that the examples are insane thinking
of us a little Chihuahua in Oliver and Company. I cheated
on a visa. Tortured Jamie to the ball. I know that
guy sounds like my uncle I was that she was that's us.
Oh that's how bad it is real money comes out you
know I mean like momma was like our movie that was that was the big shit for us. I'm
trying to think what else but like literally the first thing came to mind was a fucking cartoon showing
Wow that is it's beautiful and I felt very sad you know the way.
That was a big deal for me also was John Leguizamo when he started doing his one man show. I remember
taping Mambo Mouth and tapings book around my memorized. But my mom my V.H.S. cassette
and like this is the guy was just like you play all the parts and he like.
Wrote. He just wrote his own show where he got to play all these MARTIN That was a huge deal.
Yeah this is so and let's keep on this path now memory Lang. OK.
When did you realize that whiteness was a thing or when did
you realize that you were not wait.
Oh so early I mean again. So I went to Hunter which is this like magnet
school it's a public school but it's a school for nerds like you have to pass a test to get in and I got in
in kindergarten. So I went from
a nursery school in the hundred fifty
S. to literally my name changing like I went from being Manuel to
Lynton because I couldn't take people mangling my losses call me Lin Yeah your so
I would like the switching of like Spanish to English and English to Spanish
and slang changing happened when I was really young and in
retrospect I'm grateful for it because I can kind of hang wherever.
But yeah that's probably where I mean it was literally just teachers and students who
couldn't pronounce my name. Yeah we wanted to call us which sourly. Yeah absolutely
Well yeah I have remember being the translator for any Latinos that were
came into our life on the Upper East Side whether
they like the nanny who speak Spanish to me but speaks English to the kids she takes care
of what we're playing at her house too. I remember once being the translator for
the coco a lot of the guys because a kid wanted to ask of a stain was
going to come out ask him if this will come out and I'm like right on
the fact and goes to say how does he manage the language translator here on the Upper
East or the far. Oh if only you had charge for your services back then listen you know I would never have
a regular
life so your doubted Luis A Miranda Yunior you know
he worked for Mayor Ed Koch. He's the founder and former president of
the Hispanic Federation and you worked in his office even wrote some jingles
for political ads. I've
learned I did I would write. I don't write jingles it wasn't like I was writing I like Ike or like things
people say and I was writing like the background music for commercials. Mostly I doubt
my dad would say hey I have Sharpton spot. I need like
sixty seconds of jazz jazz under the political message is going to be on
the B.L.S. official acting you gotta have you got dad who's let naturally music to
the station and
and remember writing like hopeful Latin music for like Eliot Spitzer's Spanish
language spots and that was like how I paid the rent he was like OK you want to
career in music OK Well here's you know write write these jingles.
So how do you feel like that background especially like watching politics happen through
your dad like informs your work
now you know it's funny it's never really considered it until I started writing this
show one I'm allergic like I'm just you're never going to see me run
for anything. I was like that was you know I think if I
was a butcher's son I would want to be a butcher you know it's just the thing you know when your parents do it like.
It expresses itself. Mostly in that song room where it happens where
it's it's all sort of ambition and you know so much
happens. In deals between people like the things we vote
for are very rarely the things that matter. We can vote to get the people in the
room but it's the conversation in the room and we're not a part of that and don't kid yourself
and think that you can put pressure on that conversation and suggest that you're not in that room. I
didn't even realize I knew that until I knew it was funny. Governor Cuomo came to see the
show and he said I can tell you learned politics like a kitchen table because
the stuff is
very it's not political in a capital P. sense it's just sort
of like let's how it works. I've never seen these two guys once at a function My dad was at.
Congratulating themselves for like just totally fucking over a different guy being like oh
my God teach you hear what he said as he does know we're going to fold up to
the idea that smaller takes. So it's just like
the audience and I like the you know
we in our in our hearts it's West Wing in reality it's somewhere between
West Wing and Veep.
Yes So we learned a little bit about baby lane. And now baby Lane has a baby lamb of his
own he touched. He is adorable from what we can see we've never seen
a thing you know he always I met he just surrounded by music all the
time he loves the Kendrick keep bouncing
back and I where I was just playing him when he was in the jump or he's too big for
the jump or he's actually walking around now but when he was in the jumper. I would just play all the loudest Busta Rhymes
songs because the fast life Dr Drew so there was some like to see a
baby dancing to give me as a real hit the most people you know what I'm reading you're
like one of my favorite things when you tweet things your son thinks you
look like oh boy my favorite personally is cat
William I light skin friend
I don't know where the guys I'm at right in my life.
Started it was going to start. When Chris Jackson posted like one of the first pictures
of Hamilton one of the friends of like what was in your
place in the past. I just thought it was so funny and so dead on the remember I
remember when I really let the hair flow something particularly with him I was just
about that oh my God this is my embrace. That's right
published and then Alexander Hamilton go it's our P. and.
There was this really moment where he sees you on T.V. goes Dad and then he looks at Ray
Romano and I looked at the Lego man he goes on the mommy.
Here you know you want everything you know. So this question is a little
it's a little heavier you. But what will you teach them about women and white people.
Hush. You know that's a great question. There's two conversations I remember
from being a kid that jumped out at me which I guess help me answer this question.
I remember coming home and asking my family if we were white.
Because it's often presented as binary and you know Reagan's are like
literally the gumbo. And they were Yeah but we're. Everything.
And so they're like no I'm like but I'm the same color as like half the kids in my school and they're like No you're
not you're not. And here's why and you know I think from then on it
was like Puerto Rican flags out white and you got to learn so
that will be that conversation when that happens.
I mean I'm excited for my son because he's got incredible female role
models starting with my wife
who you know was bored of being a scientist and became a lawyer
like that but I mean you know I'm glad
she is going to you know should run for president and you know my you know my mother
and just all the women are life I grew up in a house with women with my sister and my
mother and the woman who raised us like just strong women like throughout so that
was not worried about that I think he's going to be all
right that's dope. So this sort of touches on another question that we had a coworker and friend of
ours tweeted what I think is the best tweet on earth ever. OK no
say to you in your tweet you're really really good she tweeted behind every
walk
man is an exhaustive feminist you need to
think good race.
We would refer to you as well.
Oh thank you yeah you want a sleepy but well completely the well nobody
can Who do we think we are
welcome this. Oh gosh I just thank my mother for it.
I mean my mom's psychologist. My mom was
a single mom for a while my my my sister's Actually my half sister when my parents met
my sister's about six. And my mom was diagnosed
with thyroid cancer when she was like nineteen years old went through that she was she
basically that happened then and she said oh I might die had an affair with
one of her teachers.
Yes mama Livia lie had a very being was like well I'm probably gonna die so I'm having this baby and they
always say. Such a crazy thing but she says it was the year Roe v
Wade happened. She goes. So she says she says to my sister honey
I show
you I shows you and I did a little all right Paula.
Mom I'm talking seventy three. Yeah.
And like literally working at Howard Johnson's working like six waitress jobs put herself through
school like finish her doctorate. She met my
dad when she was getting her degree just did all of the jobs so that we
could go to school and not worry about it. My parents are like one of the few sets of parents that
are still together and I think it's because they both work they work in really different fields and they
come home at the end the day and are genuinely happy to see how they're
like I don't think I could have dated an actor or a writer like it's great to come home
and we don't talk about like the stuff that you're dealing with all day.
Yeah I want to backtrack a little bit Was it weird to find out or hear that your mom had an affair.
Yeah I didn't figure out until way later that you take it out versus the
untold No no I was told but I mean just like the sing of it I mean but
it's mostly I remember when I heard about just thinking about how scared she must have been
like to
be young and dealing with what could've been a death
sentence and also a child on the way and she was just so strong
throughout it.
I wasn't scandalised I just had the surge of empathy of like you know my life's been
actually really home compared to even what my sister went through so yeah
it's you know the benefit Phishy area of all of
that struggle. I don't know how I'd feel. For that be like oh
my gosh you have
sex. And then like by myself I'd be
like oh no I don't understand why parents make no secret of it they're there all over each other still
really
not that I remember once my kids was going to kill me for
telling the story. Yes. I was watching there was a phase where V H
one was like rewriting American Bandstand and I was. For it was I think
Gloria Gaynor's I Will Survive came on board of the song and I was changed then all my dad came in from the
other room he goes don't
you ever change the channel of that song you were
conceived in one thousand nine hundred ninety nine I was like
oh man I'm gonna try to picture you having sex to Gloria
Gaynor why the very interesting just announcement out in the mobile maroon
Yeah I was afraid I was the mean
member
women's room where yeah OK can you jam session a little bit to Hamilton in the
heights the bulk of your work. Yes yes yes
and then you know. OK So Hamilton is
very rare in that the
bulk of the principal cast is all people of color except
for Jonathan Groff Yes George. Yeah within the principles Yeah yeah. Which is amazing.
That's so beautiful to see and when I did you think oh at all about
like gender bending in addition to like Ray spending the
character not really well you know it's funny the diversity of the characters really came
out of the thing by which I mean to say I wasn't picturing the literal founding fathers even when I
read the book for the first time. Wow I was picturing Hercules Mulligan that is the Busta Rhymes Yes
sounding name. I was Hercules all you know yeah
right you know and then when I was reading about Washington All right well what does he
sound like and I was already
like casting R. and B. artist of artists in my head what I'm excited about is I'm not going to
put restrictions on gender for when we do the high school productions in the regional production so there are going to
be mainly because I care so much about the school play. Like
I'm here because I like found who I was in the school
play and girls try out to guys like a nine to one ratio Yeah
like it's nationally in girls that large convoys and one boy you beg not to
do basketball they said he was the last night I come on
Troy and there's a
girl I want the people who want to do the show to do the show and so I'm looking forward
to
that I'm curious a little bit about how the hip hop and Broadway
community work in the heights producer Geoffrey Sellers
said I did Heights which ran for three years and if it didn't have that label of hip hop painted on it
all the time it would still be running because it was a beautiful emotionally satisfying show. Do you
worry about that like the label of hip hop.
And then travel month I don't worry about it for my own purposes. I have no problem with people calling it
hip hop musical I know how much hip hop contains like a new pop right has enough
room for melody and has enough room for emotional richness
and there's so many different kinds like hip hop culture contains so many
multitude that I know that I means a lot of great things but there are also is
a whole section of the world for
whom hip hop frozen their heads around one thousand nine hundred three No I think it's a drum machine and like talking.
Yeah like literally like no I like a melody so I don't like hip hop. Yeah and that's you know that's
a good chunk of the Broadway demographic converse
Lee That's also true I think of hip hop heads who do not fuck with
either music at all because there's nothing in there.
There's not a drop to beat. There's nothing that speaks to what they like but what I like
about both of them is that the they tell stories and they use music in a way to
tell stories in a way so I'm always kind of threading that
needle in my work of being like it's OK Leave your baggage at the door it's OK Leave your baggage at the
door handle both groups and get in getting them in the room together.
There's a lot of amazing storytelling in hip hop and there's a lot of amazing music in theater music and you
know we know that Broadway show can be rented a Broadway show. Can be Bring the Noise Bring the funk in the
Broadway show can be like it can be a lot of different things and we can be a lot of different things. Yeah I
mean labels can be a problem for ticket
going public. Yeah. Have you heard of any accounts of someone being like
you know before this I didn't listen to hip hop and now I'm like listen and Buster
I'm frank I can talk to like high really all the time.
And people ask me for primers of like all right. I love Hamilton so what Hip-Hop should I listen to
this makes
me really hard when you don't like your emails like the emails you get can I have my life.
Yeah yeah.
So what do what do you recommend to those I recommend a diet of lots of different
things for the fun thing was it really first started happening with Broadway
like composers like composers like tight so like I said
and Sondheim like an ISA Brock's
track on what is our economy. So we tell this story. I think I was
like talk to me you would like this song. It's called No regrets by a Sobrante and it's a great
hip hop tune was like oh it's just like. I feel like
the same with the standing on the bank in the pool with the reporters.
I've never had a dream in the U.S. what you wanted to do I knew what I
wanted was been a dream that I wanted to be
paid for so that's that's part of the gig as you said in the come a bit
of a translator and also the one you get where it's like I hate rap but I love this. And
I always tell them that's not a compliment. Which is an
awkward stage your interaction I go knock on a compliment to me. I go. You're missing out.
That's just like those dude's I don't know if it's just like a me thing but when like a dude is it one you black
man you know family has in my mind. They're like you know what you're not like other black women.
Thank the
flying past so
offensive. So I say that. So what is it about those particular rappers that like make
them good starter meals for people who are just getting into a.
I think it's because the storytelling is just on deniable like whether you're
even familiar with the terms nonces using which like most folks are like oh this
is already you know you're like I don't know what a burner is I don't know what you're saying when
they catch a body my literally exactly the trust
fall I
know it's
just because I did those in Peter
Tatchell spot already ready.
But yeah I mean the storytelling of like the second verse of Rosa Parks or the story telling the artist
or telling part one that's on the ground.
Oh my gosh I mean I laugh. It does that yeah yeah it's like
that you know outcast is I think they're like the
last ones who have not seen him.
Most of the ones on my left like been crossed off and I am ready. When they
come become baptized
a love letter to to them and I find myself in a lifelong manner the outcast. It's
a love letter to hip hop the whole show. So many hip hop references in my lyrics to the show
that like I'll find myself doing the cadence if I know erupt like when Eminem was there
I was like hitting those
syllables alternative the that's basically what you know that
is the expectation every action and
the something can pass tomorrow.
So yeah so yeah I always look towards the ones where like the storytelling
is undeniable like seen a man die
Scarface creatures fall there with his hands up.
Yeah he's great and
he can we break for a refill. Oh yeah you
see the
same shot.
The way ma.
Support for another round comes from August a new kind of consulting company that's starting a revolution in the
way organizations work from helping leaders embrace change to building work cultures where people act
like people and not like business
robots to poop. Which
brings us to a little thing we like to call the corporate jargon drinking game.
The rules are simple. I will present Fairhaven with a particularly
stupid piece
of office jargon in she will have to guess what it means if she loses she
drinks that piece of dumb office jargon that you have to decode
is double click double click why this is what
I mean.
I maybe what open it up to the possibilities like one would open the app.
Or a computer program. OK You know what that's close.
What it is when one of them on the right
track is to open up
the full discussion or project on something that you are hoping to
breeze over them don't have to drink though.
Honestly I think you still should do feel like you are general. You're welcome. OK
well OK if you're passionate about revolutionizing the way companies operate
and love to get about things like the future of work and what makes teams awesome to get in touch with
August a consulting firm for the twenty first century.
Learn more at that Coles last another round that A.E.G. that see a
little slash another round
of free styling how what how
how does anybody even how is that a thing that humans can do
what part of Iran is like very very dense. It's something like it's
running or I repeated listening as you're always hearing something
no you know Davi who plays Jefferson is a one of the best technical rappers alive
if I listen to. Clipping and go I kind of knew I could throw anything at him and I.
Throwing crazier and crazier stuff at him just to see if you could do
it I can tap into guns and ships now and the last line I added was the line I
mean you got some thongs of leather but the sooner the better to get your right hand man back like I thought I was crazy. Originally
I suppose I could have been with him in that but I was like we can fit another line.
I can write one
more one movie thank you so much is my
practical tactical gear but if I can get that
back in the right back to get the right hand back to the getting into my
hand you've got the better
guy and knife freestyle
backstage during a room where it happens on the meanwhile section when they're going
Meanwhile at a stand it's bad news with the facts and not to be sure can
be settled like the oh my God I mean I happen
to be stage less together we always go freestyle and one of those was set up line and one of us will knock him
out and he goes out for his answer are you
fucking big That's like a bit of our backstage traffic he might have less talent
than some others a lot of times because it
keeps us awake. What have you learned about your brain through freestyle and it
really is like a filter. It's not like you're suddenly super fast with words it's like
you're channeling the part of your brain that deals with
language so through. Some kind of filter that finds the words that
rhyme and makes them rhyme at the end and that's that's the way I think of it when I hear this is gesture
and I
think OK I've got the last line and now I have to like keep it for myself and I've got the
funny line in my head and I'm just going to lead up to it and I try to work backwards and that took
a long time and
right let's talk a little bit about your generosity get some things
you think for you give us you give us some
credible work. Are you also do the hand for hands all the time you interact with everyone on Twitter
like how how how do you do it
all in all the time the energy rod when they have for him is
were really or I mean they are they're part generosity but they're also. Part selfishness
and like karma guarding when we did our first lotto on Broadway
seven hundred people showed up in the dead of summer and it was like oh we cannot send
six hundred and eighty people into the streets of New York mad that they
didn't win. That's right for our city bomber America nothing
easy and bad
for personal safety so I got up there spontaneously the first day and then Tommy Kail
was like we should do that every day we're in previous like bring here we are a lot of talented people here let's
just do like a little
something for the people outside who are trying to get a ticket and then that became the him for ham
show and kind of got bigger and kind of got crazier now that it's digital why we're making these
videos but it really came out of the fact that
like we can't give everyone tickets to the show and so what can
we give you that is sort of a token that you can't get anywhere else so it really sort of
came out of that like all right you're in New York and you
like tried out the lotto you didn't get to see the show but you saw tell you had a rapping Oh cool
day before yesterday I saw you know a gender flipped version of one of the songs in the
SO theaters exclusive and Doc said it's exclusive but it's also magic
because it's these people in this room experiencing this thing like I don't know a way around that it
isn't translating it to video were tricked like that's a form of translation it's not the
right thing.
So it's about you know addressing that and acknowledging that while still protecting the thing inside
the building.
It's going to find.
Some a question you didn't have time for but that's cool because now comes some part
to have you going to adequately explain why his name in a club
he really liked if you know if this is Jeff I'm listening to the shelf life of Ali forgive you second of all this
is our rapid fire. QUESTION And
segment. So a lot of famous people have come to your show one of them is I want
Kanye West we know the picture. Tell us everything.
Oh boy within like he was in the second row. Normally when when musicians come to
the show it's usually through Atlanta like we're trying to get them you know we're making this mix tape
where we've got hi guys are ready for this
next how to make you too much of the mixtape but I can tell you
that we're getting like artists to do like inspired by is where we're like chopping up songs from
Hamilton and then the verse was on top I think I can tell you common
drop two
verses for us all right already is a like a crate on the minimus down to I ninety thousand but I'm going
to line up like that so I'd
like that's really exciting So anyway I say that to say that usually I know when an artist is coming
but Conny kind of just showed up but it was the day I think life Republicans do and he was in the second
row with him he had him he was in the second row
with him. I am not like that yes in that no I see all
the way to I can see about fifteen rows back there was and I had
a moment. Really there's a moment where we go is it a question of if Burr which one and
I just basically I felt whoever's in the first two rows and I was at them and I'm just
like
hey that was like That's my little like one time I was
Hamilton last time he single before he did allies adoptive family saying.
OK OK OK
OK I just wink the hell out of
Kanye because he was right in light of the blast
zone
and so he was like you can give me want to yeah it was very cute All right.
And then. I have to tell you they came backstage at
intermission and so at intermission. I came downstairs and said This whole show is about you
and it's all about you and Washington's Jay Z. and you started writing for Daisy before he struck out on
your own like it's all about you and then he was like and the three
sisters and I was like yes and
the three sisters it's all about. He like totally He was really sweet.
Do you ever have a kani moment where. You're like I wish there was another me so I could watch
the show.
Well I mean I kind
of do. That's the thing like I have an alternate Javier Munoz who does the show Mondays and
he he's so good like me and he's really really good all in the show when Obama first
saw the show he saw
healthy because it was our six preview was my first time seeing the
show which is a crazy way to see your show for the first time we like to be
frightened and that was the
whole thing. Talk to us about that my gosh what is. What does the
president smell like the president smells like success.
OK And I believe he was so I can show you some
pragmatism.
So about that is my answer we've ever gotten to that question and I was like oh he didn't smell like
anything I'm like that's a lie. Yeah how can we not know I'm very I'm very small where I'm right with
you
not ask you I am really excited to ask this question. I feel like the would you rather that
I have and least favorite part that's
not true. Oh good I'm just like they always throw me
off I get a very visceral reaction and I worry about
your brain sometimes that's on things would you
rather have a no that
pulsates like a human heart. Or have you
in that fizzes up like Alka Seltzer when in the
water or when water hits it sweat included. It's like if you start
sweating does the nose do that when in contact with water or that's just a sensor just like
the nose is just always like well like I already have that so I'll take that over in
the fall take it out over the alternative that I have the evil you know is that in that you really
don't have not seen your nails pulsate when since you've been here a while thank you
and later and then it gets bigger in my mind than everyone else is going to do when he was a few years ahead of the rest
of my
face right thinking of kids really great segue.
You teach sometimes about
the girls you had crushes on going to school. What was your what was your game like back then and what's like the
worst way you've been curved by
go oh man I mean I kind of had a very prolific seventh grade.
OK I play six girlfriends in seventh
grade and then like dry spell until the end of high school
I don't know what my thirteen year old game was like when a lot alike from Cross colors.
I was aware and like denim shirts. Alright. And that was like when gap was wearing like
the color denim jeans and they were in red
and just up with cross colors.
OK I'll tell you the most embarrassing when I wrote a whole movie just to have a kissing scene with this one girl
I'm listening sexily listed on I.M.D.B..
Because I.M.D.B. was less strict about
it's not good enough and so I
was sixteen year old sixteen years old and we made like this movie was like there's a there's a kissing scene and it's
very tastefully done would you be in my movie and she said yes but it
was not even room and did the Q. and we did the kissing scene and it's the worst. It's the well you
know worst. It's the worst only know I love the way
it's you know I just like I can't watch it like it just like everything that led up to it I remember how much I
was sweating that like old Can't even when can we find this new you cannot find
it it has been destroyed but she was never interested in me like that's my that's
my Gatsby like that's my life so I could I could win the three people it's hers and like Amanda
is never going to
like me have her like a daisy a day
even a Emma to relive let's OK what is. What is
drunk lane
like drunk Lynn is surprisingly alarmingly
lucid like the last minute but I gotta say I don't feel like yeah well
that's why you know that's why socialism in practice never really and then
I was like I was beyond that I was I didn't making sense until the
moment I am asleep. That's like me on the. Please
say I love you both but I still like those are the most irritating types of drunks. Oh
absolutely yeah yeah cuz later when I come relational a
guy so I think a
guy like you thinks. Yeah thanking Yankee is me and I'm
lit A.F. right. I don't believe you. He means what I think
of children
that this is an incredible has been
so what has been like begging for this with a long we made it how it was
so thank you on behalf of its leader and I mean having to
balance it out so where can people find your work and for people who are like the majority of
our audience who probably will not see your show or they will not see my show this year.
Yes The thing that's the thing I kind of try to counsel is like the fact that it's so hard to get a ticket means we're going
to run a really long time word like that I mean right. That means like all right you might not see
it in the first year you might be the original cast but
we're we got two tour companies happening in like record time we're like casting as
fast as we can for that we're trying to make them as good as the original
company and like we're just doing our best to like get it out into
the world possible I'm going to make the school productions happen fast. You just have to live that way years on the
try to get that to happen the next five years. Like I'm trying to get folks
to see it is seen as a can so for people
who will not be able to experience it in New York. Yeah like right now at its current iteration right.
What is the best way to experience the
show cast album. OK. The cast album has all the songs on the show except for
it has like there's one moment that I'm saving for you for the theater
between your Theodosia and nonstop. That's that's like the one moment and
then also we have a
book that has the complete libretto and also these amazing essays by German
the Carter. It's my lyrics and then I did sort of these and notations of all of
the lyrics so I go into these crazy side bars and because genius dot com exists.
It's not just this is a mob deep sample. This is rare and it's like I
was you know half asleep with my dog like my hands and I did.
Jean is a calm actually forced me to be more personal because I had to make the annotation something you couldn't get anywhere
else so that will go beyond April and it's a great companion piece. Now Matthew all the same in
the little pictures and where can people find you and for some they can find me on Twitter.
All right and often too
often it's going to be almost like
yeah but you know what I think of it is the opposing muscle group of writing a
musical Hamilton took me seven years to write so why I like it so right that I the
runoffs is like me Tweeting like Tracy told us to
go to the whole know the Congress I think it's OK to have like you
know that's that that's
another creative outlet but what is your Twitter the name of Man
Well yeah it's all right people trying to except no substitute. In
the verify there with a verified receive your friend thank you so much for stopping and thank you for
having me and they were in the ass so I can schedule.
Should you want to come back with out about every aspect or Also everything included as
well OK just you know open in our house for everything yeah I mean the whole world.
Tracy
let let let let
let go and look at where we
are
at
home
dad
twenty minutes ago I honestly find this ran from On Heaven's Cloud who you run
around
for buying. Around for brussel sprouts. I'm listening
I'm listening. There are a ton of food and I'm like I don't like those even though I've never had
any. Spinach was one. Fast forward to today
I love manage interest and as of like a few months ago I was like let me.
Maybe it's like a year ago. I actually remember where I was when it happened. Cynthia Gordy Prince
Andrew gave me a girl Ritz Brussels sprout
a goodbye.
I don't like oh my God why have I been denying myself. Honestly same they are
so good and they're just they're just
glad I didn't know and everyone a childhood cartoon that was like the example
of that was that it was I want to eat. So I was like Oh I trust all these kids you know
and even then this is
gross. I went to a restaurant called
surface to give rights with our different the kodo and Gene Demby was in
hand and colors like we're getting dressed like right
then and then like she she just like very silently slid a Brussels sprout on to
my playing about this brown.
It was the best thing even like
the last like five months probably and it was just like it when
like covered in like season anything was unlike saute with like garlic and bacon.
It wasn't like this we little
broth and stuff and I do it and just. I want to go right now and get more of
these Brussels sprouts interesting. So I set out to Brussels sprouts That's all I just really like
but each
aircraft. It's too UN around for us. I'm buying around for the dorm
team and I love them they kill. So yeah. So
I don't randomly on Comedy Central's website and they have like the. Like web
series things. I had never heard
of but one of them I was like we were you six black writers who were always
wearing science and things happen to like this image.
But they have a web series on Comedy Central called six guys one car.
I love it and it's like they're. They're broke too. They're like on the show they
play You Tube personalities are like a group of do the You Tube channel
which they are in real life if you don't know about dorm Taman
people. You've probably already seen like a gif of theirs on the Internet so that when they lose the
one that I guarantee that you've seen is one of like a Lego crowd in the foreground in
the background is a black dude dancing in
LA and do nothing to be like will
celebrate in the back.
I guarantee you you've seen some of their work and they've done like the art of the roast the
invisible girl dancing on the six guys are you seeing that. Yes well seem that way to
Larry anyways so on the show they basically play like trumped up versions of themselves so
they have this
like You Tube nemesis named Larry. They're always in competition that they like
to live in L.A. and they're just trying to make it their language why is our manager so
shitty and like that sounds kind of like just like annoying
like you know teens on the web and you know like write downs not good but I
guarantee you I've laughed out loud several times all their
E.Q. like all of them each one of them bring something to the table. How is everybody in your group and
that never happens with a group of dude. Yeah
especially six of them right. They actually do make a good number of jokes about
how cigs is an unwillingness to do
anything but yeah it's such a fun series and I'm like why isn't this a full show
Comedy Central you fucking up. Yeah they're like five minute episodes like I don't know why this is happening.
Let's take it out and I hope someone gives them a bigger show the slow web series.
Yeah stand up to them that I'm sane in Brussels sprouts there's a weekend. You know what else
falls into the brussel sprouts category of food that you should eat but doesn't seem good.
Call of flour all I want is why have
broccoli and then I fucked up. I've been
fucking up for you I love cauliflower high flour is bomb there is so much. Can do with
it in one is saut right listen my favorite thing is when white
people prepare cauliflower like chicken like the fellow cauliflower
listening for that was like Don't you dare pass something off as she can this not chicken right. But it's
not passive it's a whole other thing.
Yes I like it's like me and like I was like you
know what if I was a vegetarian I could do this and I would miss chicken like two
percent with OK. I was still mistaken but your veggies. Yes I
love them and
I'm
I can I pull I literally cannot believe this just happened. Thank you so much to
Lynn well for stopping by and your very very busy schedule as always you want to
give us shots of a POD
school boyfriend plan for
you doing this by Kansas produced by Elena Kagan with
editorial oversight from generalized Berman aka our pop
moms shout out to Julia for a line in Meg Kramer for all of the wonderful wonderful
production help Huge thanks to Jamie Briggs ingesting McLaren for making the women want videos
that will last forever never when I have kids and grandkids The
first thing they're going to see that is about no
Barney that I don't know about my happy whoever that is thanks
to power with the Argo studios. Thanks to our
in-house musician parts people Miss Jean Grey and Mr Don will you can
follow Jean Grey at being greedy on Twitter you develop that will at the
W L L. Thanks and then we did and I can't believe.
Thank you Tracy Grove thank you would be about to be
alive and now also be sure to check out our other buzz you podcast the tell show
and Internet Explorer I know a lot of people who have huge crashes on the
Isaacs Jerald if you're one of these people you should definitely be listening to him
over share. There's an avenue to go to bed see
that last another and slash news letter and
very beautiful beautiful.
You can find us on Twitter and Facebook at another round at another on a buzzy dot com
hand if you like the show. Leverage you tell of friends
or your image how your mom eats an edgy.
Perhaps maybe massive cauliflower.
Butter in am thinking of failed
treatment is a real real
good buy list we
recover
him
and I was like I love smells
like yet
I
say
THANK
YOU THANK
YOU.